---
id: j966v
name: 🛠 Dev Environment Setup
file_version: 1.0.2
app_version: 0.9.7-2
---

To run your local dev environment you will need a few things on your machine. Follow the steps below.

## Installations

*   Install [Node JS](https://nodejs.org/en/download/), version `16.x`
    
*   Install an IDE (preferably [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/))
    
*   Install git (if you don't already have it on your machine).
    
*   Install [Yarn](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install/#mac-stable)
    

## Getting the sources

Clone the repository locally:

```
git clone https://github.com/my_company/company_repo.git
```

## Build

*   Within the repository directory, run `yarn install` to install the project's dependencies.
    
*   Then, build the project by running `yarn build`.
    

Here's what `yarn build` doing behind the scenes:

<br/>



<br/>

### Troubleshooting

```
Error! Cannot execute command (...) "need executable 'ar' to convert dir to deb"(...)
```

*   For electron builder to run, the package `binutils` needs to be installed. Although it should be included when installing electron on the machine/VM - it sometimes fails
    
*   To avoid build issues, please run `sudo apt-get install binutils` to install this dependency before trying to build the app
    

## Windows additional steps

{Insert additional steps here}

## Run the Tests

To run all the tests, run:

```
$ yarn test
```

To run subsets of the tests - you can use `yarn test:<name>`. For example:

```
$ yarn test:server
$ yarn test:utils
```

## Run

### macOS and Linux

```
./scripts/run.sh
```

### Windows

```
 .\scripts\run.bat
```

### Web

```
yarn web
```

## Scripts worth mentioning ⚡️✨

Serve your code with a development web server

```
$ yarn dev
```

Pack for Production. This will generate installers.

```
$ yarn pack
```

See package.json for full list of supported yarn scripts:

<br/>



<br/>

## Debugging

*   Open DevTools by pressing Command+Option+I (Mac) or Control+Shift+I (Windows, Linux). This shortcut opens the Console panel.
    
*   Click the Sources tab and pick a file from the files navigator.
    
*   A common method for debugging a problem is to insert a lot of console.log() statements into the code, in order to inspect values as the script executes, but breakpoints can get it done faster.
    

## Congrats

You now have your dev environment ready 8

<br/>

This file was generated by Swimm. [Click here to view it in the app](https://app.swimm.io/repos/Z2l0aHViJTNBJTNBQ2hhdGJvdC1mb3ItV2Vic2l0ZS13aXRoLVJlYWN0JTNBJTNBY2hhdGJvdC1ob3N0ZWw0dS1wbA==/docs/j966v).